I present you
the citroen c4
1 points 6
h
115 horses
the only difference that
c4 e6 order
is that it does not attract parking sensor
and also does not touch the act heras
after seven
after
effectively
similar in everything
to the old
h
of 110
apropos of that this engine 1 points 6
have an engine
to points 35 15 cents
a little more powerful
it feels
a little difference
actually
while practically the same
it's a car like
serene
we turn off the air
your amount fills the route
five people travel
quietly
this engine as I had told you is a motor 1 points 6 h inc of 115
horses mattered are more than the previous
what you love very much attention and serenity this engine
it does not have vibrations
it does not feel at all the admiration the noise either
and consumption
we see it
in 4 thousand 700 kilometers
consume
seiko plus 5 liters
Tito has previously been done with route
I think they should be about
15 kilometers per liter is giving
what yes the opa of walks only with
eurodisea
I really do
ride comfort
and the benefits and dictate self of that
Really good
and that digital video
with all the function
the onboard computer
this biofuel
it's really a car
for the pri it could have been a bit better
I am ok
so it is an armed car in Argentina
satisfaction
to which I had not commented from the engine unlike the other want another
Argentina
this is an engine for the xerez
I think the term cross
much more to give
the trunk
it's huge